#all optional
optional_depends OpenGL
optional_depends EGL
optional_depends X11
optional_depends Freetype
optional_depends ilmbase
optional_depends Jasper
optional_depends OpenEXR
optional_depends LibXml2
optional_depends CURL
optional_depends FFmpeg
optional_depends GStreamer
optional_depends GLIB
optional_depends SDL2
optional_depends RSVG
optional_depends GIFLIB
optional_depends JPEG
optional_depends ZLIB
optional_depends PNG
optional_depends TIFF
optional_depends Threads
optional_depends Fontconfig
optional_depends Inventor
optional_depends OpenCascade
optional_depends COLLADA
optional_depends FBX
optional_depends GDAL
optional_depends GTA
optional_depends LibVNCServer
optional_depends DCMTK
optional_depends DirectShow
optional_depends SDL
optional_depends Poppler-glib
optional_depends GtkGl
optional_depends DirectInput
optional_depends NVTT
optional_depends Asio
optional_depends ZeroConf
optional_depends LIBLAS
